good friends today I bring you a video of
the bad service of Panamanian buses
better known as the 'red devils'
these fuck buses are really bad
quality and they give very bad service very well
let's start first we'll say things
bad of them and then the good ones
first that all the drivers in their
Most are rude bastards
like your payments for those who do not
they know the payments are the assistants of
driver
let's keep good these payments send you
always for the end and they tell you that
you run the motherfuckers though the
bus go hyper recontra mega yesterday or even
that way they keep saying you know that
son of a bitch because you do not run to the
said to mother who gave birth she will no longer reputed
understands mentally ill once
the bus has already exceeded its limit capacity
fucking asshole an example of how
idiots are these people the bus has
capacity for 60 people and he wants
get at least 280 people on the bus
but what a stupid thing else do I know is that
seats are super bad with all
springs come out that when you go in the
bus you feel like they rape you because
poorly calved pythons go about 400
kilometers per hour destroying and
killing everything in its path the bus has more
paintings and shits unusable as
super modified sound equipment and
rines and polleras capos et cetera but yes
that are very subnormal busse those of
fuck because they do not spend that money
improving seats or tires
of the hyper good assholes bus is also
that in order to obtain a seat, a
war that the FARC can not stand and the
people are so traumatized that they get raped
like four people at a time when
they stand is that when they get a
seat do not let go for nothing
once an old woman who had just lived
do his super and I enter a bus and as
no nonsense gave him a seat he had to
leave stop the poor good another thing is
that when you enter the bus you enter well
bathed hairstyle with good smell and virgin
but when you come out dirty salts is tedious
disheveled smelling of bill shit
gates and with four anal rapes and
two touched the member and the worst is that
you do not know who
because so many people go in the son of a bitch
bus that sometimes when it's full
inside they ride them on the roof in the
engine and even on the rims but
well the need beats the desire there
If you are wondering what happened to the
good things good to the cock because
all of them is a reverend shit